Retry handler design spec. update (#18)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-design: middleware/RetryHandler.md

- A `retry-attempt` header SHOULD be added which contains a numeric value representing the retry number.  This value will be used for diagnostics and determining the effectiveness of the retry handler.
- Retries MUST respect the `retry-after` response header if provided.
- Where no `retry-after` header is provided by the server, an exponential backoff with random offset hueristic should be used to determine the retry delay.
- Retries should be limited to a maximum delay value. The default value for this is set at 180 seconds.

> - The client code can specify a custom value for the maximum delay.

Author: @darrelmiller, @peombwa, @MIchaelMainer Open question: Are we going to require the **max delay** time to be explicitly set by customers or do we leave it optional?

Reviewer: Leave it as optional.

- A `retry-attempt` header SHOULD be added which contains a numeric value representing the retry number.  This value will be used for diagnostics and determining the effectiveness of the retry handler.
- Retries MUST respect the `retry-after` response header if provided.
- Where no `retry-after` header is provided by the server, an exponential backoff with random offset hueristic should be used to determine the retry delay.

> - Customers can specify a custom value for the `RetriesTimeLimit` greater than 0 to introduce time-based evaluated request retries alongside the default count-based request retry. The default is set at 0 second.

Reviewer 2: There is no need to say anything about the default.  There is effectively no default.

- A `retry-attempt` header SHOULD be added which contains a numeric value representing the retry number.  This value will be used for diagnostics and determining the effectiveness of the retry handler.
- Retries MUST respect the `retry-after` response header if provided.
- Where no `retry-after` header is provided by the server, an exponential backoff with random offset hueristic should be used to determine the retry delay.

> - Retries should be limited to a maximum delay value. The default value for this is set at 180 seconds.

Reviewer 3: We should also have a minimum max delay value to avoid customers specifying max delay values such as 0 or 0.5, which would essentially result in no retries. This minimum allowed value can be the current `DEFAULT_MAX_RETRY` value of 3.

cc/ @MIchaelMainer @darrelmiller I'm not sure whether we want this behavior since we already have a `ShouldRetry` delegate that customers should use to disable retries.

Author: @peombwa I believe your concern is similar to the case whereby a customer specifies a `MaxRetryTime` (max delay) value less than the `retry-after` value, in that, in both cases the `Delay` `Task` will be delayed with the server-specified `retry-after` or _exponential back-off_ delay values at least once. See the implementation: 

             cumulativeDelay = 0.0;
             while (cumulativeDelay < RetryOption.MaxRetryTime)
             {
                 Task Delay(response, retryCount, RetryOption.Delay, cancellationToken)
             }

The `cumulativeDelay` value will be incremented by the `retry-after` or _exponential back-off_ values in the call to `Task Delay()` and then fail in the subsequent retry attempt.

Reviewer: I don't  think we should have a minimum delay value. We should always respect a customer specified `MaxRetryTime`. If the customer doesn't want to wait more than 500ms, then we should always respect that even if that means not retrying, or retrying once more at their specified `MaxRetryTime` (for exponential back off only - see my comment above for retry-after). Short circuiting retry before `MaxRetryTime` should only occur in `ShouldRetry`.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @MIchaelMainer .  I don't think we should add the complexity of a minimum MaxRetryTime.  I also wonder if `RetriesTimeLimit` is a clearer name for this property.

Reviewer 2: If we implement a default then this isn't an option unless we have a new overload that says add a timelimit and use the default value.  I'd rather just make the time limit only have an effect if one is explicitly provided.   And we shouldn't use the word "delay" to describe the TimeLimit, it is confusing.

- The client code can specify a custom value for the maximum delay.

> - Retries will be based on the cumulative retry delay compared against the maximum delay specified by the client code.

Reviewer: To clarify, can we state that this is cumulative across all retries stemming from a single call? This is applicable to both 429 as well as 503/504.

Author: Done

> - Retries will be based on the cumulative retry delays compared against the maximum delay specified by the client code, cumulatively added across all retries within the context of a single call. This is applicable to both 429 and 503/504.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Multiple retry attempts will be limited to not exceed the `RetriesTimeLimit`. This is applicable to both 429 and 503/504.
```

> - Upon expiry of the maximum delay, when the cumulative retry delay is greater than the specified maximum delay, the `Task` should be cancelled and an `exception` thrown with a relevant message.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should be throwing exception because we exceeded the RetriesTimeLimit.  We should simply not retry again.  We could try and cancel a currently running task, but I'm not sure this is wise.  This would could cause the server to do a bunch of work that is then wasted.

The goal of this property should be to set a limit, that if exceeded prevents additional retries.  We should also account for exceeding the limit while waiting to retry, which is covered in the next point.

> - In the case whereby the client code specifies a maximum delay that is less than the received `retry-after` header value from the server, the cumulative retry delay will run for the duration of the `retry-after` value.

Reviewer: If the client code specifies a maximum delay less than the retry-after, then we should respect  the client's choice and fail despite the service indicating a retry-after.

Author: @MIchaelMainer by failing, do you propose we fail fast and do not even attempt to delay the retry request as specified by the `retry-after` or _exponential back-off_ values? Or do we enter the `Delay()` `Task` and retry at least once then fail? (see my [comment](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-design/pull/18/commits/93bc4d2bc56a81aba2e44677a8cffb3d23dff5e8#r293300084) on Peter's review).

Reviewer: Good question. I need to be more specific. 
* If the retry-after exceeds the max delay, we should fail fast. The service is telling us to wait longer than value max delay submitted by the dev's code. No need to wait until we reach the max delay time.
* If the exponential back-off values exceeds the max delay value, I think we could wait to retry once more at the max delay time, and then fail if that fails.

No retry should occur after reaching the max delay time. Customer specified should always be conservatively respected.

> - In the case whereby the client code specifies a maximum delay that is less than the received `retry-after` header value from the server, the cumulative retry delay will run for the duration of the `retry-after` value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the case where the client receives a `retry-after` value that is greater than the remaining `RetriesTimeLimit` the client should return the failed response immediately.
```

- A `retry-attempt` header SHOULD be added which contains a numeric value representing the retry number.  This value will be used for diagnostics and determining the effectiveness of the retry handler.
- Retries MUST respect the `retry-after` response header if provided.
- Where no `retry-after` header is provided by the server, an exponential backoff with random offset hueristic should be used to determine the retry delay.
- Customers can specify a custom value for the `RetriesTimeLimit` greater than 0 to introduce time-based evaluated request retries alongside the default count-based request retry. The default is set at 0 second.

> - If the `RetriesTimeLimit` value has been specified, the cumulative retry time and `retry-after` value for each request retry will be evaluated against this value; if either the cumulative retry time or `retry-after` value is greater than the `RetriesTimeLimit`, the failed response will be immediately returned, else the request retry continues. This is applicable to both 429 and 503/504.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the `RetriesTimeLimit` value has been specified, the cumulative retry time and `retry-after` value for each request retry will be evaluated against this value; if the cumulative retry time plus the `retry-after` value is greater than the `RetriesTimeLimit`, the failed response will be immediately returned, else the request retry continues. This is applicable to both 429 and 503/504.
```

Author: @darrel why are we evaluating the `RetriesTimeLimit` against the summation of the cumulative retry time and the `retry-after` value?

Reviewer 2: Consider the scenario where we have received our 2nd 429.  The retry-after value 30 secs.  We have already waited 40 seconds.  5 secs for the first call to get the 429, 30 secs delay and then another 5 seconds to get the 429 for the second time.   Our RetriesTimeLimit is 60 seconds.  At 40 seconds we need to decide if we are going to wait another 30 seconds before trying again.  Based on the original wording that says "either the cumulative retry time or the retry-after value is greater than the RetriesTimeLimit" we would retry because 60 > 40 and 60 > 30.  However, we should not retry because 40secs + 30 secs is 70 secs, which means we would only be retrying for the second time at 70 secs which is after our RetriesTimeLimit.

Here's that scenario presented in a more coherent way...
RetriesTimeLimit = 60 sec

| Call | Duration (secs) | Response | Retry After (secs) | Cumulative Retry Time (secs) | Retry (Y/N) |
|--|--|--|--|--|--|
|GET /foo | 5  | 429 | 30 | 5 | Y  (30 + 5 < 60) |
|GET /foo | 5  | 429 | 30 | 40 | N (30 + 40 > 60 |
